Most people use electronic devices for things like homework, research, social networking,
entertainment and more.
But if you're not careful, you could become overly attached to your devices.
You could even have withdrawal symptoms if you're away from your devices.
This addiction could cost you your job.
Your friends.
Or more.
Are you addicted to your device?
The Bible says to make sure of the more important things.
So ask yourself these questions.
Do I become uneasy or irritated when I can't use my device?
Do I keep using my device longer than I intended to?
Am I losing sleep because I can't stop checking for messages?
Do my devices cause me to neglect my family?
What would my family say?
If you answered yes to some or all these questions, don't give up.
It's not too late.
Take back control.
For example, set a time limit.
Then stick to it.
When driving, keep your devices out of sight and reach.
Suggest that your family try phone stacking during a meal.
The first one that reaches for it has to do the dishes.
Set aside a screen-free evening and keep your tech out of the bedroom.
You'll sleep better.
The Bible says that two are better than one.
Ask a trusted family member or friend to help you make the needed changes.
At 1 Corinthians 9.25, the Bible tells us to exercise self-control in all things.
So remember, you may live in a wired world, but it doesn't have to control you.
Take breaks from your devices.
You'll be happier and enjoy more out of life.